Cuckoo Clock
It is early morning.
Mummy and Daddy Pig
are still asleep.
Wakey, wakey, Mummy and Daddy!
What?
It's time to get up!
It's much too early!
Don't you know
what time it is, Peppa?
No, daddy!
Ourclock doesn't work!
Oh dear.
Let's see if we can mend it.
Ah. The old cuckoo clock!
Why is it called a cuckoo clock?
There's a Little wooden bird
inside called a cuckoo.
I've never seen the cuckoo.
That's because we stopped
winding it a long time ago!
The cuckoo got a bit annoying.
Oh.
Can we wind it up again?
Please?!
Alright.
Daddy Pig is winding up
the cuckoo clock.
There.
Daddy Pig sets the clock
to the right time.
It is nearly 9 o. Clock.
Daddy,
can we see the cuckoo now?
You'll see the cuckoo soon!
What does she look like, Daddy?
Now, let me think.
She moves her head like this...
And she flaps
her wings like this...
And she says, Cuckoo!
Cuckoo!
What a noisy
Little cuckoo you are, George!
Cuckoo!
Look!
It's going to do something.
Cuckoo!
Wow!
Silly George!
You missed the Cuckoo!
The cuckoo was really,
really brilliant.
She went: Cuckoo!
And you missed it.
Wah!
Never mind, George!
You can see Cuckoo next time.
Yes, but you'll have to wait.
Cuckoo only comes
out once an hour.
Waiting is boring!
Come on, George,
let's play outside.
George does not
want to play outside.
He is waiting to see Cuckoo.
It is nearly 10 o'clock.
George has been waiting for
Cuckoo for almost an hour.
George, come and play!
Mr. Dinosaurwants you to play,
too!
Dine-saw!
Cuckoo!
George has missed Cuckoo again!
Wah!
Never mind, George.
Why don't you play
in the garden.
I'll call you when
it's time to see Cuckoo.
To you, George!
It is nearly 11 o'clock.
Peppa! George!
Time to see Cuckoo!
Quick, George!
You can't miss Cuckoo again!
George is running faster
than he has ever run before.
Cuckoo!
George, did you see Cuckoo?
Cuckoo...
Cuckoo~
Peppa and George
love playing cuckoos.
Cuckoo...
It is night time.
Peppa and George
are very sleepy.
Cuckoo!
Peppa and George are asleep.
Is it morning already?
Er, no. Time to sleep.
Cuckoo is not very well!
She just needs to sleep,
like you and George.
Good night!
Good night, my Little piggies.
George, I know how
to make Cuckoo better.
We'll wind her up
like Daddy did!
Mummy and Daddy are fast asleep.
What?
Mummy! Daddy!
We've got something to show you!
We've made Cuckoo better!
Cuckoo!